# Quarter 2 writing challenge

|   |    |   |        |
|---|----|---|--------|
| 1 | 2  | 3 | 4      |
| 5 | 6  | X | ~~8~~  |
| 9 | 10 | X | ~~12~~ |

## Choice 8

I think some words I would use to desribe myself are particular, accustomed, pragmatic, polarized, and shy. I consider myself particular since I think that for me to feel most comfortable I prefer certain types of tools when I work, I am quite particular about types of pens, and I usually like softer materials on clothing. I also find myself preferring specific software to get things done. For these reasons I would also consider myself quite accustomed, I find myself much more distracted when I'm not using what I'm used to, so I tend to often try to use things that I know will last a long time so I can stay productive while working. I also feel that I tend to find myself more confident in my work and can work faster. I would also consider myself quite pragmatic, as I try to solve problems and identify things based on observable characteristics rather than ideas, I would also say that I typically do not prefer for things to be abstracted, and I typically would like to reasearch/test concepts or other things myself. I would also consider myself quite polarized, or at least I used to be much more so. I feel that even with complex subjects or discussions, I often try and find a way to justify being set on one side. I've found that to have been quite detrimental as in many cases, I now feel there is no correct one side to most arguments, and I think that that has also made it easier for me to understand other peoples perspectives much more easy than I used to be able to. I would also consider myself to be somewhat polarizing, or at least the more polarizing I am on topics I found it made more feel more difficult to comminucate with others as easy, but I think that since trying to think of things in less of a black and white way I can communicate better. I would also consider myself somewhat shy, as I wouldnt consider myself quite talkative or extroverted, but I think that that is also getting better!

## Choice 12

Overall, I would consider my life to be going quite well right now. I would say that I have made significant strides in my confidence in myself and my appearence, which I wouldnt consider to be in a position where I feel completely confident, but I think that I've become more talkative and overall just feel less judging about myself. I would also say that I've become much more helpful in recent times, as I feel that I've been able to help more around the house, and be less upset with doing work. Another thing that I would say I've become better at is teamwork and taking positions of leadership. I think that with esports, since it is so team based, and with me being the captain, I've been able to become mor confident working as a leader, and I also feel that my performance has improved. Another thing that I think I've made progress on is reducing my anxiety and being able to perform under pressure, I also think that esports has been able to teach me a lot in making progress with that as well, I've been able to control my anxiety better and not have irrational fears of making mistakes. I overall think that my anxiety has been decreasing a lot, as that used to feel like a huge hinderence to me, I feel that I often had irrational fears of making mistakes, and now I feel like that has subsided a lot since then. I think that in terms of things I would like to improve would be my confidence, communication, and time managment. I think that time management has improved somewhat, but I often find myself doing things that dont really benefit me, or nothing at all. And I am looking to improve that because I think that that would time could be used to make improvements or learn new things!
