# Quarter 4 Writing Challenge

I've recently started to work on developing self-hosted infrastructure for our home, and through it have realized many of the benefits of being able to DIY and self host software you use. Self-hosting has many benefits, first and foremost the increased security and privacy, however, this was not the major tipping point for being able to convince myself to take on this project. Self-hosting provides a much more increased amount of flexibility and customization that is not offered on many other proprietary platforms. For this reason I had often wanted to start self hosting software, but was worried about the cost of electricity running a computer 24/7, and possibly needing new hardware, however, the primary Linux operating systems, such as Ubuntu server which I used, was able to turn an old laptop unable to run windows 10 smoothly into a server to host projects only sipping about 10-15 watts of power, under what even many lightbulbs use in power. Thus I realized running a server self hosting this software would only cost under fifty cents per month!

 One of the first reasons I wanted to adopt self hosted software was to allow access to our own home network remotely! But VPN servies you can buy do not provide access to your personal network, and can cost up to $10 per month! But self hosting comes to the rescue! Software such as tailscale uses open source such as wireguard to allow you to use a machine as a VPN server in your own house, allowing you to connect to your home network as if you were at your own home! And since its running at near idle amounts on a power efficient device, you can pay less than 50 cents per month to run it! A VPN also allows for safe use of public networks in which your traffic is exposed, and being able to connect from any device allows for more safety using services out and about.

Since using a VPN allows you access to your home network, you can access you remote infrastructure from remote locations, thus I was interested in getting a storage system set up, which is typically pretty easy using a network drive, however I was looking to go a little deeper, being able to access it from the web or a phone as long as I'm on my VPN or at home. I soon found an answer in software called Nextcloud, which is free and open software you can host yourself! Nextcloud is an alternative to services like Google Drive, hosted using your own hardware, so I am able to back up family photos at home, securely and easily using mobile apps or the web!

Self hosting has also helped in the development of the project in that I can connect to the server remotely using SSH (Secure Shell Protocol), and I can work on fixing issues or new features on the go, and can even work on other projects such as for coding on the servers resources, aleviating stress on the machine I'm using. Overall, Self hosting being community powered has allowed for many new products such as the ones I've mentioned above, and have been effective and fun to work on implementing!
