# Regents Part 2 Essay - Congressional Term Limits

"we have had 110 Congress members who have served 36 or more years. And seven served for more than 50 years'' (Text 2, lines 26-27) Congress and the members elected to it play a vital role in representing the people in government, and with such an important role, many have opposing viewpoints over whether or not Congress members should have term limits to better represent the people. While some may argue term limits help prevent corruption in Congress, throwing out all members after a term limit removes not only all just members, but prevents experience and reduces the effectiveness of the body. Evidence indicates that Congress should not have term limits as it not only restricts the voice of the people, but also removes just Congress members early, and the constant changing of members reduces experience and the effectiveness of Congress in making law.

Term limits should not be enacted into Congress as it restricts the people's voice in government by restricting choice in elections. As evidenced by the high number of longstanding incumbents, "many Americans truly like their representatives and want them to serve as long as possible" (Text 1, lines 47-48). With the majority of voters expressing support through voting for incumbents, barring those previous incumbents removes the option for voters to elect their choice that many feel represents them best. Term limits thereby lessen the effectiveness of Congress in its purpose to represent the people's choice in government. Term limits restricting all previous incumbents from re-election will reduce the already small options of representatives to vote for, thus restricting choice further.

Term limits also do little to prevent corruption in Congress. While term limits would get rid of corrupt representatives after their term limit, "voters inherently have the power to limit terms simply by voting incumbents out" (Text 3, lines 13-14). Term limits would not only encroach on voters' choice, but its biggest upside is already inherently provided by the current system, thus eliminating the need for such change. With the votes and actions of Congress being so public, voters can realize an incumbent is corrupt and effectively limit their term at the same time, or even earlier than a limit would come into place. With the main upside of term limits already existing, the downsides heavily outweigh a more automatic system of protection against corruption.

Term limits in Congress also prevents the development of experience through incumbency, thus reducing the efficiency of the body. Many agree since law is so complicated "policy crafted by even the most experienced of lawmakers is likely to have ambiguous provisions and loopholes that undermine the intended effects” (Text 4, lines 20-22). Many argue that since making law is so difficult, having long time incumbents develops long time experience and increases the speed of creating laws. More experience prevents loopholes better and lets the body move to other issues rather than revising loopholes in previous laws.

Overall, Congressional term limits would provide little benefit in Congress, and would do more harm in preventing the role of the body to represent the people. Term limits attack the voting rights of the people by removing incumbents that are most often the most popular choice. Term limits also provide little in the way of preventing corruption as it removes all just lawmakers and provides the same inherently provided way of preventing corruption. And term limits prevent the development of experience which leads to a smoother and more effective Congress. In the wider view, the cons of term limits heavily outweigh the inherently provided pro of term limits.
