# *The Zookeepers Wife* Response

As children, people often dream about what they will become when they grow up. This is a question that shapes what path an individual will take and causes people to consider their true passions in life. When someone finds their passion, their life's work does not necessarily feel like work. Antonina, from *The Zookeeper's Wife*, is a character who found her true calling in life by working with animals at the Warsaw Zoo. In the passage, the idea that one's work can help oneself and others is developed through the characterization of Antonina.

Jan & Atonina Zabinski, both passionate and caring for animals, managed the Warsaw Zoo. The zoo provided entertainment for all ages, and a place for scientists to perform research for animals. And the Warsaw Zoo provided this for much of Poland. The Zabinski's key role in management put their work to a great point in making others happy with the zoo. And Antonina took pride in her work's benefit: "It pleased Antonina that her zoo offered an orient of fabled creatures where book pages sprang alive and people could parley with ferocious animals". Antonina's actions provided mutual benefit for all, as it provided entertainment for visitors, and provided Antonina with pride & motivation for her work. Jan's work also provides great benefit to the animals of the zoo. Jan provided care for animals who were sick or injured himself, going so far as to bring sick animals to live with him. Jan provided great care for the animals, but he also claims it helped him to learn about animals: "It's not enough to do research from a distance. It's by living beside animals that you learn their behavior and psychology". Jan's actions maintain the central idea by showing how his work benefited the animals physically in care, and benefited him in getting to learn about the animals behavior.

Jan & Antonina's actions demonstrate how their work as zookeepers provided mutual benefit to them, visitors, and the animals in the zoo. The excerpt first describes Antonina as pleased by her work, and how it provides entertainment for visitors of all ages. Jan also demonstrates later in the excerpt how he gets to help animals and learn himself living with animals in need. Jan & Antonines happiness and help they provided demonstrates how others can follow suit and turn their passions into a way to help themselves and others.
