# Q1 Writing Challenge

## Choice # 11

I think that if I won $500 Million dollars it would be hard to even spend that much money! I think some of it towards charities that benefit childrens cancer reasearch like St. Judes, my brother had cancer at a really young age, hes doing great now, but going through that experience was not a good experience for us. Paiges butterfly run would also be another good charity, they have supported my brother a lot too and we try to volunteer for their event every year. I would definetly also want to contribute to other charities that benefit the enviroment and other fields too. I would also want to start a scholarship program to benefit those who need financial aid to go to those who need it. I'd also try to fund esports for local tournaments, because the Smash community runs nearly entirely off the community.  I think a lot of it would go towards investments to continue running ongoing programs and try to grow that money to do even bigger things! Mostly I would invest that into stable things like silver and gold, and some into the S&P 500. I would also definetly want to try and be able to have my mom be able to retire on a healthy ammount of money, and try to have us stay modest, I dont really like the idea of an extravagent lifestyle, and I'd rather use that money to be able to help other people who need it more than me. I think that I would also want to put some of the money towards helping with solving hunger and water crisis's in some parts of the world, $500 million isnt enough to solve these problems but it would definetly contribute to solving some of those problems in a very significant way. Overall, I would definitely want to put a lost of the money towards helping others rather than living an extravagent lifestyle that seems unneccesary.

## Choice # free write

It is quite unconventional, but I did want to do a bit of writing as to my workflow for writing and work in general because I've found it much more productive since I've made changes at the end of last year. I am actually using this same workflow to create this article too! I think that although its not the most simple way of going about things, the personilzation and sheer robustness of a custom workflow allows for easier time working to me. I'm typically feel most comfortable when things remain consistent no matter what I'm doing, so if I'm coding or writing an article, I can use the same interface and fundamentals for everything. Currently I use Microsofts Visual Studio Code as my main IDE/Text editor, which is an open source development platform that is completely customizable in terms of everything from color themes to features! Which it does seem weird to write in a code editor, but with the power of markdown, you can write full formatted documents just using your keyboard! When I'm writing I am able to use extensions to give me spell checking and even formatting adjustments to make my writing look clean and consitent! Since I often do both coding and writing documentation or writing for other classes, being able to use one piece of software and have all my files stored convienently in one place if really nice, as I dont have any context switching or missing features slowing me down, and I find that makes it much easier to do tasks more easily without thinking too hard about other things. Storage is also made easy, as I can store all my work in a repository, this way I can share my work very easily, and can sync and get all my work in just one click! And I also have all my work availible no matter what device I'm using to write. Using markdown is also very nice to store as the files are extremely lightweight, all my work for this year and last year only add up to about 3 to 4 megabytes, so I can store and sync that in a fraction of a second!
